README.md, before:

# 🌤 Open-Meteo Weather API

[![Test](https://github.com/open-meteo/open-meteo/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/open-meteo/open-meteo/actions/workflows/test.yml) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/open-meteo/open-meteo)](https://github.com/open-meteo/open-meteo/blob/main/LICENSE) [![license: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/follow-%40open_meteo-1DA1F2?logo=twitter&style=social)](https://twitter.com/open_meteo) [![Mastodon](https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/109320332765909743?domain=https%3A%2F%2Ffosstodon.org)](https://fosstodon.org/@openmeteo) [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.7970649.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7970649)

Open-Meteo is an open-source weather API and offers free access for non-commercial use. No API key is required. You can use it immediately!

Head over to https://open-meteo.com! Stay up to date with our blog at https://openmeteo.substack.com.

## Features

- [Hourly weather forecast](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs) for up to 16 days
- Global weather models with 11 km and regional models up to 1.5 km resolution
- Weather model updates every hour for Europe and North America
- 80 years [Historical Weather API](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/historical-weather-api)
- Based on the best weather models: [NOAA GFS with HRRR](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/gfs-api), [DWD ICON](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/dwd-api), [MeteoFrance Arome&Arpege](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/meteofrance-api), [ECMWF IFS](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/ecmwf-api), [JMA](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/jma-api), [GEM HRDPS](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/gem-api), [MET Norway](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/metno-api)
- [Marine Forecast API](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/marine-weather-api), [Air Quality API](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/air-quality-api), [Geocoding API](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/geocoding-api), [Elevation API](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/elevation-api), [Flood API](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/flood-api)
- Lightning fast APIs with response times below 10 ms
- Servers located in Europe and North America with GeoDNS for best latency and high-availability
- No API key required, CORS supported, no ads, no tracking, not even cookies
- Free for non-commercial use with data under Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)
- Source code available under AGPLv3

## How does Open-Meteo work?

Open-Meteo utilizes open-data weather forecasts provided by national weather services. These services offer numerical weather predictions that are free to download. However, working with these models can be challenging, as it requires expertise in binary file formats, grid-systems, projections, and the fundamentals of weather predictions.

Like many other weather APIs, Open-Meteo integrates high-resolution local and global weather models. Over 2 TB of data are downloaded and processed daily from multiple national weather services. The collected data is then stored in local files using a customized file format and compression technique to enhance access to time-series data such as a 14-day temperature forecast.

In contrast to other weather APIs, Open-Meteo provides complete access to its source code, and all data sources are openly listed, crediting the national weather services for their work. With Docker or prebuilt Ubuntu packages, it is possible to launch your own weather API within minutes. By providing the source code, users can conduct detailed verifications of the weather data processing and even make modifications themselves. Contributions are highly encouraged and welcomed.

The API is available for non-commercial use at no cost. Despite being free of charge, the forecast accuracy is top-notch. The API utilizes a vast array of local weather models with rapid updates, ensuring that the most precise forecast is generated for any location globally.

## Resources

- All API documentation can be found on https://open-meteo.com. The source code for the website, documentation and API generator is available here: https://github.com/open-meteo/open-meteo-website
- The free non-commerical API is hosted at [https://api.open-meteo.com](https://api.open-meteo.com/v1/forecast?latitude=52.52&longitude=13.41&hourly=temperature_2m) using to GeoDNS to servers in Europe and North America (HTTPS is optional). The API source code is in this current repository.
- The geocoding API source code is available in a separate repository https://github.com/open-meteo/geocoding-api
- Larger changes are announced in the [Open-Meteo Blog](https://openmeteo.substack.com)
- The [Open-Meteo weather database](https://github.com/open-meteo/open-data) is redistributed as part of an AWS Open-Data Sponsorship

## Who is using Open-Meteo?

Apps:

- [Alpine Conditions](https://www.alpineconditions.com) Allows a user to compare multiple models at once & create ensemble forecasts for any location
- [BusyRunner](https://busyrunner.com/) Allows users to plan their weekly runs based on the weather.
- [Breezy Weather](https://github.com/breezy-weather/breezy-weather) A feature-rich, free and open source Material 3 Expressive Android weather app.
- [Cirrus](https://github.com/woheller69/omweather) Android Weather App
- [Clima](https://f-droid.org/packages/co.prestosole.clima/) Beautiful, minimal, and fast weather app
- [DroneWeather](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=xyz.droneweather.app) Weather forecasts, satellite count, and KP index for drone pilots.
- [Emojiton Weather](https://emojiton.com/weather) Get the local weather forecast for your location with fun emoji representations
- [Evaporative Cooler Forecaster](https://SwampCooler.app) Swamp cooler effectiveness forecast with cost & energy savings, Android/iOS app
- [Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/open_meteo/) A popular open source smart home platform.
- [Lively Weather](https://www.rocksdanister.com/weather) Windows native weather app powered by DirectX12 animations.
- [LunaLink](https://www.lunalink.de) A site for hunters, fishermen and nature observers: It provides sun and moon values ​​(including moon brightness) as well as the weather for individual locations in Central Europe.
- [Meteo-Fly](https://meteo-fly.com) Free flight-weather charts for paraglider & hang-glider pilots.
- [MeteoHist](https://yotka.org/meteo-hist) A web app to create interactive temperature and precipitation graphs for places around the world
- [monkeysnow](https://github.com/kcluit/monkeysnow) The most customizable resort/snow forecast website for ski and board!
- [Mousam](https://amit9838.github.io/mousam/) A weather app for GNU/Linux that displays the weather at a glance
- [Munetios Weather](https://weather.munetios.com) A privacy-first, non-commercial weather web app using Open-Meteo data with no tracking.
- [OSS Weather](https://github.com/Akylas/oss-weather) - Multi-model/multi-provider Open Source Android/iOS Weather app
- [Overmorrow](https://github.com/bmaroti9/Overmorrow) A modern material design Android weather app.
- [PointWx](https://hh.guidocioni.it/pointwx/) Dash application with interactive plots (from beginner-friendly to weather-enthusiast level) easily deployable
- [QuickWeather](https://github.com/TylerWilliamson/QuickWeather) Fast, free, and open source Android app
- [Rain](https://github.com/DarkMooNight/Rain) Free, open source, beautiful, minimal and fast weather app
- [Raindrop](https://github.com/metalfoxdev/Raindrop) Simple and intuitive weather app for the linux terminal.
- [Road Vagabond](https://roadvagabond.com) A camping destination discovery app showing zones within your drive time with weather-based filtering.
- [SkyMuse](https://github.com/cakephone/skymuse) Minimal, privacy-respecting weather app. Built with web technologies.
- [Slideshow](https://slideshow.digital/) Digital Signage app for Android
- [solXpect](https://github.com/woheller69/solxpect) Android app which forecasts the output of your solar power plant
- [The Weather](https://weather.jamesdinovo.com) A detailed, installable, progressive web application
- [truthclimate](https://www.truthclimate.com) Discover how weather and climate changed all around the world.
- [Typhoon](https://archisman-panigrahi.github.io/typhoon) A stylish weather app for GNU/Linux that acts as a desktop widget
- [Weather Please](https://github.com/ggaidelevicius/weather-please/) Clean and minimal new tab replacement for browsers
- [Weather](https://github.com/GustavLindberg99/AndroidWeather) Free, open source, simple and complete weather app for Android
- [Weather.io](https://weather.roessner.tech) A simple Progressive Web App (PWA) for checking the weather.
- [WeatherAI](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kingfu.weatherai) WeatherAI offers an intuitive user experience that makes checking the weather a breeze.
- [WeatherGraph](https://weathergraph.app) Apple Watch App
- [WeatherMaster](https://github.com/PranshulGG/WeatherMaster) A Weather app for android inspired by the Google Pixel weather app.
- [Weatherian](https://weatherian.com/) Multi-model meteogram (multi-platform)
- [weewx-DWD](https://github.com/roe-dl/weewx-DWD) Weather forecasts etc. for WeeWX
- [WetBulb](https://github.com/Isma1306/wetbulb-forecast) A simple app that shows you the wetbulb temp 24h forecast and tells you if it is dangerous.

Repositories:

- [biome](https://github.com/SqrtMinusOne/biome) Bountiful Interface to Open Meteo for Emacs
- [Captain Cold](https://github.com/cburton-godaddy/captain-cold) Simple Open-Meteo -> Discord integration
- [DIY Arduino esp8266 weather station](https://github.com/AlexeyMal/esp8266-weather-station) esp8266 weather station using Open-Meteo API, an embedded C++ implementation example
- [Homepage](https://github.com/benphelps/homepage/) A highly customizable homepage (or startpage / application dashboard) with Docker and service API integrations.
- [Spots Guru](https://www.spots.guru) Weather forecast for lazy, the best wind & wave spots around you.
- [Weather-Cli](https://github.com/Rayrsn/Weather-Cli) A CLI program written in golang that allows you to get weather information from the terminal
- [WeatherReport.jl](https://github.com/vnegi10/WeatherReport.jl) A simple weather app for the Julia REPL
- [wthrr-the-weathercrab](https://github.com/tobealive/wthrr-the-weathercrab) Weather companion for the terminal

Other:

- [Menubar Weather](https://www.raycast.com/koinzhang/menubar-weather) A Raycast extension that displays live weather information in your menu bar
- [MiniPavi](https://www.minipavi.fr/emulminitel/) Vintage French Minitel (a kind of BBS) weather forecast service (type "METEO" keyword on welcome Minitel screen)
- [OFM-InternetWeatherModule](https://github.com/OpenKNX/OFM-InternetWeatherModule) An OpenKNX module to provide data of weather services on KNX-bus (configurable via ETS)
- Contributions welcome!

Do you use Open-Meteo? Please open a pull request and add your repository or app to the list!

## Client SDKs

- Go https://github.com/HectorMalot/omgo
- Python https://github.com/m0rp43us/openmeteopy
- Kotlin https://github.com/open-meteo/open-meteo-api-kotlin
- .Net / C# https://github.com/AlienDwarf/open-meteo-dotnet
- dotnet 8 / C# https://github.com/colinnuk/open-meteo-dotnet-client-sdk
- PHP Laravel https://github.com/michaelnabil230/laravel-weather
- R https://github.com/tpisel/openmeteo
- PHP Symfony 6.2 https://gitlab.com/flibidi67/open-meteo
- PHP for Geocoding API: https://gitlab.com/flibidi67/open-meteo-geocoding
- Android library for Geocoding API: https://github.com/woheller69/OmGeoDialog
- Dart / Flutter: https://github.com/neursh/open-meteo-dart
- Rust: https://github.com/angelodlfrtr/open-meteo-rs

Contributions welcome! Writing a SDK for Open-Meteo is more than welcome and a great way to help users.

## Support

If you encounter bugs while using Open-Meteo APIs, please file a new issue ticket. For general ideas or Q&A please use the [Discussion](https://github.com/open-meteo/open-meteo/discussions) section on Github. Thanks!

For other enquiries please contact info@open-meteo.com

## Run your own API

Instructions to use Docker to run your own weather API are available in the [getting started guide](/docs/getting-started.md).

## Terms & Privacy

Open-Meteo APIs are free for open-source developer and non-commercial use. We do not restrict access, but ask for fair use.

If your application exceeds 10'000 requests per day, please contact us. We reserve the right to block applications and IP addresses that misuse our service.

For commercial use of Open-Meteo APIs, please contact us.

All data is provided as is without any warranty.

We do not collect any personal data. We do not share any personal information. We do not integrate any third party analytics, ads, beacons or plugins.

## Data License

API data are offered under Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)

You are free to share: copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format and adapt: remix, transform, and build upon the material.

Attribution: You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

You must include a link next to any location, Open-Meteo data are displayed like:

<a href="https://open-meteo.com/">Weather data by Open-Meteo.com</a>

## Source Code License

Open-Meteo is open-source under the GNU Affero General Public License Version 3 (AGPLv3) or any later version. You can [find the license here](LICENSE). Exceptions are third party source-code with individual licensing in each file.

Commit message:

Add Precip weather app to the README

README.md, after:

# 🌤 Open-Meteo Weather API

[![Test](https://github.com/open-meteo/open-meteo/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/open-meteo/open-meteo/actions/workflows/test.yml) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/open-meteo/open-meteo)](https://github.com/open-meteo/open-meteo/blob/main/LICENSE) [![license: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/follow-%40open_meteo-1DA1F2?logo=twitter&style=social)](https://twitter.com/open_meteo) [![Mastodon](https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/109320332765909743?domain=https%3A%2F%2Ffosstodon.org)](https://fosstodon.org/@openmeteo) [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.7970649.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7970649)

Open-Meteo is an open-source weather API and offers free access for non-commercial use. No API key is required. You can use it immediately!

Head over to https://open-meteo.com! Stay up to date with our blog at https://openmeteo.substack.com.

## Features

- [Hourly weather forecast](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs) for up to 16 days
- Global weather models with 11 km and regional models up to 1.5 km resolution
- Weather model updates every hour for Europe and North America
- 80 years [Historical Weather API](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/historical-weather-api)
- Based on the best weather models: [NOAA GFS with HRRR](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/gfs-api), [DWD ICON](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/dwd-api), [MeteoFrance Arome&Arpege](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/meteofrance-api), [ECMWF IFS](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/ecmwf-api), [JMA](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/jma-api), [GEM HRDPS](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/gem-api), [MET Norway](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/metno-api)
- [Marine Forecast API](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/marine-weather-api), [Air Quality API](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/air-quality-api), [Geocoding API](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/geocoding-api), [Elevation API](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/elevation-api), [Flood API](https://open-meteo.com/en/docs/flood-api)
- Lightning fast APIs with response times below 10 ms
- Servers located in Europe and North America with GeoDNS for best latency and high-availability
- No API key required, CORS supported, no ads, no tracking, not even cookies
- Free for non-commercial use with data under Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)
- Source code available under AGPLv3

## How does Open-Meteo work?

Open-Meteo utilizes open-data weather forecasts provided by national weather services. These services offer numerical weather predictions that are free to download. However, working with these models can be challenging, as it requires expertise in binary file formats, grid-systems, projections, and the fundamentals of weather predictions.

Like many other weather APIs, Open-Meteo integrates high-resolution local and global weather models. Over 2 TB of data are downloaded and processed daily from multiple national weather services. The collected data is then stored in local files using a customized file format and compression technique to enhance access to time-series data such as a 14-day temperature forecast.

In contrast to other weather APIs, Open-Meteo provides complete access to its source code, and all data sources are openly listed, crediting the national weather services for their work. With Docker or prebuilt Ubuntu packages, it is possible to launch your own weather API within minutes. By providing the source code, users can conduct detailed verifications of the weather data processing and even make modifications themselves. Contributions are highly encouraged and welcomed.

The API is available for non-commercial use at no cost. Despite being free of charge, the forecast accuracy is top-notch. The API utilizes a vast array of local weather models with rapid updates, ensuring that the most precise forecast is generated for any location globally.

## Resources

- All API documentation can be found on https://open-meteo.com. The source code for the website, documentation and API generator is available here: https://github.com/open-meteo/open-meteo-website
- The free non-commerical API is hosted at [https://api.open-meteo.com](https://api.open-meteo.com/v1/forecast?latitude=52.52&longitude=13.41&hourly=temperature_2m) using to GeoDNS to servers in Europe and North America (HTTPS is optional). The API source code is in this current repository.
- The geocoding API source code is available in a separate repository https://github.com/open-meteo/geocoding-api
- Larger changes are announced in the [Open-Meteo Blog](https://openmeteo.substack.com)
- The [Open-Meteo weather database](https://github.com/open-meteo/open-data) is redistributed as part of an AWS Open-Data Sponsorship

## Who is using Open-Meteo?

Apps:

- [Alpine Conditions](https://www.alpineconditions.com) Allows a user to compare multiple models at once & create ensemble forecasts for any location
- [BusyRunner](https://busyrunner.com/) Allows users to plan their weekly runs based on the weather.
- [Breezy Weather](https://github.com/breezy-weather/breezy-weather) A feature-rich, free and open source Material 3 Expressive Android weather app.
- [Cirrus](https://github.com/woheller69/omweather) Android Weather App
- [Clima](https://f-droid.org/packages/co.prestosole.clima/) Beautiful, minimal, and fast weather app
- [DroneWeather](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=xyz.droneweather.app) Weather forecasts, satellite count, and KP index for drone pilots.
- [Emojiton Weather](https://emojiton.com/weather) Get the local weather forecast for your location with fun emoji representations
- [Evaporative Cooler Forecaster](https://SwampCooler.app) Swamp cooler effectiveness forecast with cost & energy savings, Android/iOS app
- [Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/open_meteo/) A popular open source smart home platform.
- [Lively Weather](https://www.rocksdanister.com/weather) Windows native weather app powered by DirectX12 animations.
- [LunaLink](https://www.lunalink.de) A site for hunters, fishermen and nature observers: It provides sun and moon values ​​(including moon brightness) as well as the weather for individual locations in Central Europe.
- [Meteo-Fly](https://meteo-fly.com) Free flight-weather charts for paraglider & hang-glider pilots.
- [MeteoHist](https://yotka.org/meteo-hist) A web app to create interactive temperature and precipitation graphs for places around the world
- [monkeysnow](https://github.com/kcluit/monkeysnow) The most customizable resort/snow forecast website for ski and board!
- [Mousam](https://amit9838.github.io/mousam/) A weather app for GNU/Linux that displays the weather at a glance
- [Munetios Weather](https://weather.munetios.com) A privacy-first, non-commercial weather web app using Open-Meteo data with no tracking.
- [OSS Weather](https://github.com/Akylas/oss-weather) - Multi-model/multi-provider Open Source Android/iOS Weather app
- [Overmorrow](https://github.com/bmaroti9/Overmorrow) A modern material design Android weather app.
- [PointWx](https://hh.guidocioni.it/pointwx/) Dash application with interactive plots (from beginner-friendly to weather-enthusiast level) easily deployable
- [Precip] (https://link.precip.ai/app) Hyperlocal weather history & weather forecast app for Android, iOS, and Web.
- [QuickWeather](https://github.com/TylerWilliamson/QuickWeather) Fast, free, and open source Android app
- [Rain](https://github.com/DarkMooNight/Rain) Free, open source, beautiful, minimal and fast weather app
- [Raindrop](https://github.com/metalfoxdev/Raindrop) Simple and intuitive weather app for the linux terminal.
- [Road Vagabond](https://roadvagabond.com) A camping destination discovery app showing zones within your drive time with weather-based filtering.
- [SkyMuse](https://github.com/cakephone/skymuse) Minimal, privacy-respecting weather app. Built with web technologies.
- [Slideshow](https://slideshow.digital/) Digital Signage app for Android
- [solXpect](https://github.com/woheller69/solxpect) Android app which forecasts the output of your solar power plant
- [The Weather](https://weather.jamesdinovo.com) A detailed, installable, progressive web application
- [truthclimate](https://www.truthclimate.com) Discover how weather and climate changed all around the world.
- [Typhoon](https://archisman-panigrahi.github.io/typhoon) A stylish weather app for GNU/Linux that acts as a desktop widget
- [Weather Please](https://github.com/ggaidelevicius/weather-please/) Clean and minimal new tab replacement for browsers
- [Weather](https://github.com/GustavLindberg99/AndroidWeather) Free, open source, simple and complete weather app for Android
- [Weather.io](https://weather.roessner.tech) A simple Progressive Web App (PWA) for checking the weather.
- [WeatherAI](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kingfu.weatherai) WeatherAI offers an intuitive user experience that makes checking the weather a breeze.
- [WeatherGraph](https://weathergraph.app) Apple Watch App
- [WeatherMaster](https://github.com/PranshulGG/WeatherMaster) A Weather app for android inspired by the Google Pixel weather app.
- [Weatherian](https://weatherian.com/) Multi-model meteogram (multi-platform)
- [weewx-DWD](https://github.com/roe-dl/weewx-DWD) Weather forecasts etc. for WeeWX
- [WetBulb](https://github.com/Isma1306/wetbulb-forecast) A simple app that shows you the wetbulb temp 24h forecast and tells you if it is dangerous.

Repositories:

- [biome](https://github.com/SqrtMinusOne/biome) Bountiful Interface to Open Meteo for Emacs
- [Captain Cold](https://github.com/cburton-godaddy/captain-cold) Simple Open-Meteo -> Discord integration
- [DIY Arduino esp8266 weather station](https://github.com/AlexeyMal/esp8266-weather-station) esp8266 weather station using Open-Meteo API, an embedded C++ implementation example
- [Homepage](https://github.com/benphelps/homepage/) A highly customizable homepage (or startpage / application dashboard) with Docker and service API integrations.
- [Spots Guru](https://www.spots.guru) Weather forecast for lazy, the best wind & wave spots around you.
- [Weather-Cli](https://github.com/Rayrsn/Weather-Cli) A CLI program written in golang that allows you to get weather information from the terminal
- [WeatherReport.jl](https://github.com/vnegi10/WeatherReport.jl) A simple weather app for the Julia REPL
- [wthrr-the-weathercrab](https://github.com/tobealive/wthrr-the-weathercrab) Weather companion for the terminal

Other:

- [Menubar Weather](https://www.raycast.com/koinzhang/menubar-weather) A Raycast extension that displays live weather information in your menu bar
- [MiniPavi](https://www.minipavi.fr/emulminitel/) Vintage French Minitel (a kind of BBS) weather forecast service (type "METEO" keyword on welcome Minitel screen)
- [OFM-InternetWeatherModule](https://github.com/OpenKNX/OFM-InternetWeatherModule) An OpenKNX module to provide data of weather services on KNX-bus (configurable via ETS)
- Contributions welcome!

Do you use Open-Meteo? Please open a pull request and add your repository or app to the list!

## Client SDKs

- Go https://github.com/HectorMalot/omgo
- Python https://github.com/m0rp43us/openmeteopy
- Kotlin https://github.com/open-meteo/open-meteo-api-kotlin
- .Net / C# https://github.com/AlienDwarf/open-meteo-dotnet
- dotnet 8 / C# https://github.com/colinnuk/open-meteo-dotnet-client-sdk
- PHP Laravel https://github.com/michaelnabil230/laravel-weather
- R https://github.com/tpisel/openmeteo
- PHP Symfony 6.2 https://gitlab.com/flibidi67/open-meteo
- PHP for Geocoding API: https://gitlab.com/flibidi67/open-meteo-geocoding
- Android library for Geocoding API: https://github.com/woheller69/OmGeoDialog
- Dart / Flutter: https://github.com/neursh/open-meteo-dart
- Rust: https://github.com/angelodlfrtr/open-meteo-rs

Contributions welcome! Writing a SDK for Open-Meteo is more than welcome and a great way to help users.

## Support

If you encounter bugs while using Open-Meteo APIs, please file a new issue ticket. For general ideas or Q&A please use the [Discussion](https://github.com/open-meteo/open-meteo/discussions) section on Github. Thanks!

For other enquiries please contact info@open-meteo.com

## Run your own API

Instructions to use Docker to run your own weather API are available in the [getting started guide](/docs/getting-started.md).

## Terms & Privacy

Open-Meteo APIs are free for open-source developer and non-commercial use. We do not restrict access, but ask for fair use.

If your application exceeds 10'000 requests per day, please contact us. We reserve the right to block applications and IP addresses that misuse our service.

For commercial use of Open-Meteo APIs, please contact us.

All data is provided as is without any warranty.

We do not collect any personal data. We do not share any personal information. We do not integrate any third party analytics, ads, beacons or plugins.

## Data License

API data are offered under Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)

You are free to share: copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format and adapt: remix, transform, and build upon the material.

Attribution: You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

You must include a link next to any location, Open-Meteo data are displayed like:

<a href="https://open-meteo.com/">Weather data by Open-Meteo.com</a>

## Source Code License

Open-Meteo is open-source under the GNU Affero General Public License Version 3 (AGPLv3) or any later version. You can [find the license here](LICENSE). Exceptions are third party source-code with individual licensing in each file.
